.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH fbctrl 1 2007-09-21 "0.1.0"
.SH NAME
fbctrl - utility to switch fluxbox windows and desktops.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fbctrl
[OPTION]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fIfbctrl\fP is a very lightweight utility to switch the windows or desktops on top of any compatible window manager like fluxbox, blackbox or openbox. The main goal behind this utility is to recover the old focus behaviour of fluxbox 0.1.14 for the newer versions, if no tabs are used.
.SH OPTIONS
.l
\fIfbctrl\fP accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B  -h|--help
Print the usage help.
.TP 8
.B  -v|--version
Print the installed version.
.TP 8
.B  -d|--debug
Print many more or less useful information on execution.
.TP 8
.B  -q|--quiet
Prints nothing except fatal errors.
.TP 8
.B  -n|--next-window
Switches (activates) the next window.
.TP 8
.B  -p|--prev-window
Switches (activates) the previous window.
.TP 8
.B     --next-desktop
Switches (activates) the next desktop.
.TP 8
.B     --prev-desktop
Switches (activates) the previous desktop.
.SH USAGE
.TP 8
.B  Switches to next window on current desktop.
fbctrl --next-window
.TP 8
.B  Switches to previous window on current desktop.
fbctrl --prev-window
.TP 8
.B  Switches to next desktop on current screen.
fbctrl --next-desktop
.TP 8
.B  Switches to previous desktop on current screen.
fbctrl --prev-desktop
.SH AUTHORS
Check documentation.
.TP
fbctrl is (c) 2007
.B Maik Broemme
.PP
Please send mails about it to Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
